Now we're going to go and create an object, and we're going to use those methods to convert the object
into Ray like we saw previously, there's three different methods and then we're going to look through
that array using the four of live.
Let's see how it can be done.
First step is let's create an object.
And let's just say our object is a shopping list of fruit.
So let's let our fruit.
Be an object, and I'm just going to be using the object literal syntax for the sake of simplicity.
It's say we've got 12 bananas.
Two carrots.
And seven mangoes.
The console.log our food out there is object with bananas, carrots and mangoes.
How do we start iterating and looking through this data?
Well, the first ways by using object or keys.
We said one.
Object on keys.
Let's define our keys.
Let fruit keys equal.
And now we've put a Java Scripts built in object this object.
He's.
And the parameter we pass into keys is an object fruit.
And if we console.log this out, fruit keys.
We have literally now got an array of our keys, banana, carrots and mangoes that it was so easy to
do and it's awesome to work with.
Let's now see the second method and that is object of values.
So it's a to object failure.
Let fruit values the object, we got to access this JavaScript built in object, and now we've got values
and we pass in the fruit object once again.
And if we console.log this out?
We get the venues, Neal.
This blows my mind how simple this actually is to extract data from objects and how you can see we've
created an array in both instances in object or keys, an object of values.
We've transformed our object fruits into arrays containing the daughter we're interested in.
But now say you once had both the keys and the values.
How do we do that?
Well, that's we object entries comes into the picture.
Let's have a look.
Method three.
Object entries.
So now let's define fruit in trees.
We again have to excise the JavaScript object.
And here we've got entries.
And we pass in the object fruit.
And if we console the South.
We get an array of arrays.
Remember has said that the DOT entries is almost like an array of on arrays, and you can see why not.
Because the overall array consists of smaller arrays of key value piece.
Okay, cool.
But now how do we iterate through this fruit entries and extract both values?
Well, let's have a look.
So if you use object dot entries, you probably want to extract the key value pairs.
And let's do a full of you, full of loops are awesome.
And if we just did this, if we just had fruit of fruit inches, what do you think would happen?
We console log fruit.
Well, that's right, if you guessed it, it's just going to console.log the array because it's going
to take the first element of that overall bigger and console.log that, but what about us?
We want to extract it.
What about if we want to miss it saying you need to buy x bananas, you need to buy two carrots, how
do we do that?
OK.
Well, what's really cool is full of it is this fruit you can split into an array of.
Food, name and food.
No, I mean, you can call whatever you want.
So, yeah, I've just got food.
You know what?
Let me actually make it more intuitive for you.
Food key sort of name.
Let's say that's fruit key and there could be food value.
So you know that the one's a key in the other one's a value.
That's all there is to it.
It's called easy, and now we should be able to console log.
Let's use template literals and say you need to buy.
Fruit venues.
Fruit key.
How cool is this?
And it's console.log you need to buy Tolbert on as you're about to continue to buy seven mangoes.
They have it.
So this was a really in-depth example of taking an object, structuring it out by using object keys,
object values, and we even use object entries to get both the keys and values out of that object.
And then once you've got an array of values, it's so easy to loop through an array because the full
of loot is just very intuitive and it works amazingly well with arrays.
Let's continue.